And then maybe you have to sit down.
Thank you.
OK.
Yeah.
No.
Mhm.
OK.
Where do you know?
Hello.
Thank you.
Yes.
Okay guys,
uh please let me know when you're ready
to start.
I will wake up my camera. You can hear me,
right?
Uh, yes.
Yes.
OK, yeah, so the same problem.
The same problem with my headphones.
Again, I have to reinstall the drivers.
Sorry about that.
Let me know if you cannot hear me.
I think you're coming clear pretty
clearly right now,
but we'll let you know if it gets worse.
OK, OK, so guys, long time.
Tell me how you're doing.
Yes.
We're steadily making progress.
We we did message you about the Power
Automate Premium thing,
but actually yesterday in one of our
meetings, one of our team members, Jayden,
had found that apparently if you download
the Power Automate desktop app or if you
open it up.
You can they have like one of the,
you know,
go premium buttons that you can go
through and it'll take you to where you
can actually access the like 3 month
trial that's like offered to the OR at
least to the students where they can just
go in there without any payment
Oh.
information.
So that should last throughout the
duration of this capstone at least.
Man, I want to try it as well.
So can you please go over the steps again?
So you have to download that.
So it's the the Power Automate desktop
app,
Yeah.
but it should automatically be installed,
at least on most university computers,
or if you've gone on and downloaded the
Office 365 suite.
And then basically once you're on it,
if you don't already have premium,
OK.
there should be a button near the nav bar
stating just go premium.
And you can go in there,
it'll show you like your purchase options,
but you can also hit the start free trial
and it lets you.
It just automatically starts the trial
without making you put in payment
information or anything along those lines.
And sorry, please remind me guys,
what are you going to do with the premium?
I believe Calvin can answer that a little
bit better than me,
but I know there were several blocks like
accessing the Azure database was one of
them as well as I think some of the LLM
features.
Correct.
Using the run a prompt block in Power
Automate,
if you want to not use one of like the
prebuilt templates and create your own
prompts, it is treated as a premium block.
So if we want the user to be able to like
Mhm.
make something different than just
summarize right,
we want a little bit more than just that
we want to identify.
Some of those red flags and such,
it's considered a premium connector.
And then if we wanna do the SQL database
stuff, those are also premium connectors.
And I'm not chilling you guys at all.
I just I'm building my business case for
Hmm, absolutely.
Yes.
requesting it to the future.
The nice thing with the trials, it should,
you know,
Mhm.
work for us just during the testing and
development, and once it's all working,
then that case should hopefully be even
stronger.
Yes, yes.
Mhm.
OK, so the milestone is next week.
Yes, yes.
Uh, yes.
Yes.
So um.
So are you guys? Give me a second.
So I are you guys all set set for the
milestone and I'm talking about team one
right now.
Um, we.
We should be good for the milestone.
Right now we have our plan currently just
being outlined on how we're going to
accomplish it.
Our front end is steadily coming together.
I think last night I just integrated a
bunch of it and we're currently going to
test it before pushing it to main.
But we have a bunch of dummy data
basically populating it currently to test
Mm.
the general functionality and flow of the
front end.
And then we have a lot of these power
automate sections that are flows that
have been being developed.
And now with that we have the premium
feature,
we're just building out some of those
last ones that have been kind of Rd.
blockers for a little bit.
Mhm.
And then we're we also finished
developing our ERD schema or like fully
flushed out ones.
So we're we're hoping to be developing
Mhm.
the Azure database very soon.
OK, anything else I can help you with?
I think, Calvin,
you had a question about how we were
going to go about accessing the like
present members for the meetings.
Yes, thank you for reminding me so.
Currently.
Admin should configure. Yeah,
the staff member I think should somehow
configure it or just enter it.
Wait.
We need to be able to grab from the the
teams calls who attended the meeting,
but without Graph API permissions because
that's restricted for students by IT,
Mhm.
we'll need some way of getting the
attendance because sometimes.
People might attend but not speak,
so we can't reliably get a like
exhaustive list of who attended the
meeting from just the transcript document.
Um.
OK, so here is the deal. Yeah,
Graph API will be premium or is it an
additional feature?
Some of the Graph API blocks are premium,
some are not.
The current issue with it isn't that
premium piece,
it's limitations on iTunes part.
They don't want students to be able to
like, mess things up, right?
So they've got restrictions.
Yeah.
On that.
Fair enough. So how about this?
You need actually two things.
You need the name.
You need like information about the teams
on each capstone and the sponsors.
And the staff member who is expected,
you need like basically who is expected
to be there to be compared with who was
actually there, right?
Uh, yes.
So for yes, so for the expected,
I suggest that the staff member who
configures all this should be able to
somehow feed this information to you.
And at this point you know if you don't,
I understand if you don't want to develop
like a.
Full blown new web pages. It's fine.
They can just upload an Excel that has a
predefined format.
But you will need to know how many teams
are expected and who are the sponsors,
right? And who is the staff members?
OK.
Um.
Very, very good.
So this information, yeah, yes.
So a I'm sorry.
So like a possible like solution for that
or at least at least like a pitch for it.
Yes.
We could have it whenever a project is
configured within like the admin
dashboard.
You could go in and access those project
Yes.
settings and add to the sponsor and like
I guess current list of like the faculty
that's supposed to be there.
And the team members,
student names that are basically supposed
to be there. And if you wanted, we could,
we could have like a check off on all of
Yeah, something like this. Mm-hmm.
the reports or meetings that are being
populated after every transcripts
uploaded and they could,
if it wasn't detected in the transcripts,
we could have the staff member,
I guess the admin actually be able to.
Select or like use like a drop or a check
box on if like that member was there or
not.
Or we could just have it to where we
could filter in some kind of.
There is no, but I I'm getting there. OK,
so first of all,
you need means for the staff member to
tell you who is expected and you just
covered it.
Now who was actually there is a problem
without Graph API is what you're saying?
And how about at this point we don't
really care about like somebody did not
attending,
but if you're prompt can detect from the
script.
That somebody is missing. For example,
there is nobody from team one,
there is nobody from team two.
Our sponsor is still not not there or you
know, like there is no staff members,
so people are joining and like nobody
kicks it off, I think.
This would be enough for this stage.
To flag it as somebody is missing again,
only if it was brought up during,
you know,
I don't care if like the team was
represented at this point,
the team was represented by one member or
five members, it doesn't matter,
but if the team was missing at all.
and it was expressed in the transcript.
This is what I want to know.
OK, so we can at least.
No.
OK, so like a total absence.
Oh, sorry, Calvin, you go.
You're good. Yeah,
at least one member from the team should
be talking,
so their name will be present in the
transcript.
We can cross-reference that to the Excel
spreadsheet and ensure whether or not you
know someone from team one was here,
And.
team two, et cetera, et cetera.
Or if they were like crying and
expressing concern in the transcript
saying oh like this person,
he was supposed to be there, he's missing.
Hmm.
And the I should be able to clearly pick
it up.
OK.
That answers my question. Thank you.
OK, Team two or Venna? Yeah. And Marcus,
by the way,
are you an online student or are you
coming on campus sometimes?
I come on campus. Yeah, for some.
I've been having a problem with this
webcam because even though I am like my
light is behind me,
as you can see right here, perfectly fine.
For some reason it decides to ramp up the
darkness.
And I've been trying to.
I have a camera ring light.
If you ever come here physically,
I'll give it to you. I don't know.
You know the the little rings that goes
OK.
around your webcam on the laptop.
OK, so yeah, I've been and also trying to.
I do have a lamp right next to me,
but using that is does it like this and
I'm not sure.
It's OK. Yeah, and it's fine.
I just so you know,
I would have never picked on this if you
haven't mentioned it explicitly. But yeah,
I have the slides and I can spare you one.
OK. Thank you.
Mhm.
But you have to come to my office.
It's on the third floor.
The number is in my signature.
OK.
Uh, OK, same too.
Oh, OK.
So so far we have most of our ingestion
flow done and our web applications.
What's being worked on right now probably
have it done by milestone too.
I think the only thing we're just kind of
running into issue with is the co-pilots
just having an issue with.
It's giving like a Word document as an
output and we kind of wanted it to give
like a CSV file so we could put it in a
SharePoint list.
So I think that's kind of what we were
just running into right now.
Oh,
even if you prompted or give an example,
it still doesn't.
Yeah, it's just giving a Word document,
but that Word document has all like the
the action items like the red flags and
like the meeting attendants.
It has all that information,
but we kind of needed it to be like a CSV
file.
So we're just kind of working around that
right now.
Can you ask it to be a TXT file and then
you can, you know,
run a simple like Python function to to
convert it to CSV.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe we'll try that.
I'll probably suggest that. Mhm.
You know, I never had. Yeah,
I never had an example,
an experience with Copilot.
I was using Open AI API. So two things.
First of all,
given an example a sample of how it
should look like helped.
Or worst case scenario,
just given a request in a text file.
But I'm sure there are Python libraries
that convert word into text. But you know,
I mean,
you don't want to to mess up with this
because then you have problems with the
structure. But yeah, it sucks.
Yeah.
But at least you can walk around this,
right? You can generate, meanwhile,
your own CSV.
Yeah, we're just kind of testing around.
Mm-hmm.
And continue the flow, right? Mm-hmm.
Oh, but this is painful. Yeah,
sorry about that.
That's OK. Thank you.
And.
Or maybe ask for text and give it a
specific example.
OK.
Or I would even because you know if you
ask it for text,
how do you make sure that there are no
commas inside the text?
You can ask to use a different separator
and then do something about that.
All right, yeah,
we'll probably try doing that.
Just ask for it to be a text instead.
Yeah,
but ask ask it to to use a like 5
character or something,
some some weird character as a separator
so that you know it doesn't collide with
the commas inside the inside the text.
I don't know mine. I mean open. Yeah,
I was was able to generate CSV no problem.
Of course it had the other weirdness,
but overall CSV wasn't the issue.
OK.
OK. Are you guys set? Yeah. And again,
you know, if something doesn't work,
of course, you know,
show it halfway or like bypass this one,
generate your own CSV the ways that you
ideally would like it to be generated.
Be very transparent about this fragment
still not working.
Show what's the plan and just shows the
entire flow.
OK.
If we run into issues, then yes,
we'll do that.
And of course,
whatever we discussed with the first team
about attendance tracking,
I hope it's helpful for you guys as well.
Yeah, that was very helpful.
I'm gonna relay that back to my team
because that's very, yeah,
that was probably good information.
Yeah, because without it, like, seriously,
what do you do?
Mhm.
OK y'all so.
I guess we'll, uh, yeah.
Uh.
Or do you want to go first, Jonah?
Yeah.
So I actually had one more question I
wanted to ask for like the project risk.
Do you have any that KSU would like to
focus on detecting or like prioritize?
Like I know that meeting attendance is
like one of the big ones that you've
emphasized in the past,
but like you know things along the lines
of like.
Scope creep or uh, you know any.
Like or it's like delay in deadlines or
anything like that.
Like are there any like specific risks
that you you have in mind that you would
like to especially see?
I don't, but.
Um.
But how about?
You know,
just grab a couple of transcripts.
I can probably share transcripts from
other meetings because frankly,
I don't know if ours has a lot of red
flags.
Just run it through like not through your
API, but you know, just.
Grab something which is free like JGPT or
copilot free copilot session like
interactive one.
Give it your prompt and also change the
prompt a little bit saying you know this
is my use case.
Are there any other red flags that you
think you sense or can be detected?
See what what it comes up with.
OK. And yeah,
if you have any transcripts that like are
It.
like filled or filled with like red flags
that you would be able to provide us,
that'd be very helpful.
Yes. So the one uh,
there was one no show uh.
One week before the the break.
Uh, what else?
There is one where definitely, you know,
it's fooled.
Whatever which way,
I'll see if I can get the transcript and
get it to you and just, you know,
give it the entire spec.
OK, thank you.
Mhm.
As a prompt and say OK,
So what I want is take this spec,
imagine that you have this application,
get me the list of red flags.
And by the way, you know, be creative,
don't just.
Look at something that was listed in the
spec. What else?
See what it comes up with.
OK.
Thank you.
And uh, Marcus,
did you have anything to ask on top of
That was I was. I was gonna.
That was what I was gonna bring up.
that?
Right.
Mhm.
Alrighty,
I think that's everything we have.
So.
OK.
Ready.
All of you the specs if you don't get it
from sorry the transcripts.
Ready.
If you don't get it from me by tomorrow,
please feel free to ping me because the
Yes.
OK.
moment I get of the school there are like
500 squirrels waiting for me.
Yeah.
Alrighty, well,
we'll we'll make a post if we haven't
There are five.
OK.
5.
gotten them by then.
Thank you. Have a good day. Bye, bye.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Have a good day.